it we begin in Gaza where Israeli war
planes are bombing hunis in the south of
the strip explosions and gunfire have
been reported near NASA hospital all
patients were moved out of the medical
facility last month but hundreds of
displaced Palestinians are still
Sheltering there further south in Rafa
at least six people were killed when
Israeli forces targeted a home emergency
crews are trying to reach the wounded
who were buried under the rubble and
recover any bodies aljaz is hanim Mahmud
is live from ra honey it's 9:00 a.m.
where you are tell us what you're
learning this
morning yes sir well more death and
Devastation caused by the ongoing
Relentless air strikes in overcrowded
Raa City where a residential home was
targeted brutally attacked and overnight
attacks we're looking at six people from
one family remaining family members are
critically injured and all rush to a Nar
Hospital entire family was residing in
this residential home was bombed and
killed among of the the seven people
were killed were three children among
those among the casualties remaining
family member were rushed transferred
were more people that just within the
past hour were removed from under the
rubbles not only it caused the
destruction of this residential home but
also its vicinity just forcing more
people into internal displacement
meanwhile the is really military and at
midnight under heavy coverage of of of
fighting Jets and quad capter those are
attack drones and and Military chaper
pushed deeper into the vicinity of Naser
hospital and and on its way it destroyed
the remaining residential buildings in
the area completely destroyed or
severely damaged and right now as we
speak they are stationed about 500 M
away from the main gate of Naser
hospital and we could literally hear the
sounds of of shelling off of the
buildings at the vicinity of Naser
Hospital we're not sure whether this a
another limited precise operation
similar to what happened to aifa or not
the Israeli military hasn't stated what
is the purpose of what it's doing right
there separately more air strikes and
artillery Shilling in the northern part
and at the vicinity of aifa hospital
where the really military uh for the
seventh day in a row still operating
aggressively at a shifa Hospital complex
destroying the vast majority of its
surrounding honey the head of the
largest un Aid agency in Gaza eroa says
that Israeli authorities have once again
prevented a food Convoy from entering
Northern Gaza and it's not the first
time this week so where are we on the
entry of Aid into Gaza at the
moment yes Well the visit of the United
Nations achieved the did not deter the
Israeli military from attacking Aid
workers and Aid Seekers at Al Kuwaiti
traffic circle yesterday it was right at
his uh the press conference when the
attack happened in the in Gaza City
where it prevented a convoy of food from
entering to the northern part right now
we're talking about the other side of
the borders the Egyptian side there are
miles of AED trucks that have been
waiting for so long right now for them
to be allowed to enter the Gaza Strip so
far we're looking at the very trickle
amount it's a drop in in the ocean of
what in in in the face of the greater
needs across the G trp here and over a
crowded ra there their depletion and
scarcity of resources causing a great
deal of malnutrition as well as a a
causing prices to sore up for the vast
majority of people here with financial
inability are unable to to meet their
daily needs of basic supplies and in the
northern part where there is acute
famine going on and already enforced the
hydration and starvation caused the
death of 27 children uh because of that
the Israeli military is still imposing
restrictions and keep obstructing the
flow of humanitarian Aid into the Gaza
Strip just threatening the sprad of
famine here into the southern part of of
the Gaza Strip Alternatives that have
been proposed have have happen to be
insufficient uh in terms of providing it
we're talking about airdropping food as
well as the uh the construction of a
pier uh that will take at least 2 months
and by the time it is ready uh a lot of
people uh would have gone through under
extreme difficult situations as the
famine keeps
spreading alaz is hanim Mahmud reporting
live from inside the Gaza Strip thank
you very much honey